Add docker setup instructions (#31)
iron-fish/website: docs/onboarding/installation.md

> Windows installer packages will be published soon. In the meantime, you can install Iron Fish directly [from the source](#from-source)

Reviewer: Docker link here too maybe?
```suggestion
Windows installer packages will be published soon. In the meantime, you can install Iron Fish directly [from the source](#from-source) or [use Docker](#using-docker).
```

## Linux

> Linux installer packages will be published soon. In the meantime, you can install Iron Fish directly [from the source](#from-source) or [use Docker](#using-docker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux installer packages will be published soon. In the meantime, you can install Iron Fish directly [from the source](#from-source) or [use Docker](#using-docker).
```

Author: done

## Using Docker

> Pull down the docker image from the github registry and run the node and mount the node's data directory into your home directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the Docker image from the Github registry, mounting the node's data directory into your home directory and using the host network.
```

Author: done

```sh
docker run --rm --tty --interactive --network host --volume $HOME/.ironfish:/root/.ironfish ghcr.io/iron-fish/ironfish:latest
```

> Now check the status of your node using ICP over the docker host network, you can also use the CLI / RPC layer over TCP as well by starting your node with `--rpc.tcp` which connects over the default port port 8020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now check the status of your node using IPC. You can also use the RPC layer over TCP by starting your node with `--rpc.tcp`, which connects over the default port 8020.
```

Author: done
